---
layout: post
title: blog1
---

 This week for senior design my team (IT support) focused on creating a virtual machine for another team. We are constantly learning
new information on how to complete this process. We use virt-manager located on the c1-s1.grid.csun.edu server to create virtual machines
for the other classmates. I had issues loading virt-manager through the command line because I did not tunnel X11 forwarding through
Putty. Once I managed to understand x11 and why we ssh to the server with -X  I use the command sudo virt-manager which loads the gui
through x11. We had to edit files located in the /etc location to allow certain functions such as users being granted super permissions
and adding users to the existing group file to allow them access onto their VM.

  We have created the server that the other team needs and it fulfills alll their requirements such as RAM,CPU, etc but we are still having
other issues. Our main issue at the moment is not being able to ssh into the newly created VM. I took it upon myself to look up as much
documentation as I could on to what the problem may be, apparently we need to bind an IP to the VM. I thought since it was on a bridged 
network that it would automatically be assigned one, learning how to complete process is difficult for my team. I tried assigning a 
static address myself in the etc/network/interfaces location and I still cant accomplish this. I am hoping in the upcoming week we can
finally get this taken care of as we are lost on how to finish this task.
