This week was focused on adding more adjustments to our Senior Design webpage. I made some changes to the homepage by adding <v-overlay
to give the page some opacity. I included social media links that are all relevant to CSUN by adding a <v-toolbar> near the footer
of the page. For the icons to be used I had to use another vue library by importing the materials.io  icons inside of our project. Once
I imported the social media links, I implemented them by writing this code near the script section. icons: [
      'fab fa-facebook',
      'fab fa-twitter',
      'fab fa-google-plus',
      'fab fa-linkedin',
      'fab fa-instagram',
      
This allows me to interchange some of the icons or remove them if we ever need to. I also put the CSUN official seal design in the footer
section so that it matches the CSUN homepages. This was a bit tricky but I managed to do it by aligning it to the left by using <v-col>
and a <v-spacer></v-spacer> to fulfill the white space. Other changes to the homepage were mainly focused on the background-design and 
giving a gradient color to add more flair to the website. I used <v-card> and subheading to apply text over the background giving it a 
more professional look. Other changes were made to the project page section, we were able to apply information from the other groups to 
their respective project. We also linked github accounts for every person in their group. We are making progress and helping eachother
by talking about ideas and how we should implement them.
